TicTacToe
=========

Simple implementation of a TicTacToe game for Inf1-Op.

The program receives up to 3 command line arguments. The first 2 specify the types (human or AI) for players X and O.
The third parameter is optional and specifies the size of the board. If there is no third parameter, the board is
implicity of size 3 x 3.

Examples of usage (from command line):

java Main human AI

java Main AI AI 10

java Main human human 5

For human players you will be prompted to input your move at each turn. This move is specified as a coordinate on the board,
so you need to give the line and the column where you want to place your character. Indexing starts from 0, so for example,
if the board is 3 x 3, then the valid moves are: 0 0; 0 1; 0 2; 1 0; 1 1; 1 2; 2 0; 2 1; 2 2.
If you give an invalid coordinate, you will be asked for input again, until you provide correct coordinates. There isn't
much error handling done here (if you provide something other than 2 numbers, you will get a runtime error).
When asked for coordinates give 2 numbers, separated by a space (no semicolon at the end).

The documentation in the doc directory has been generated by javadoc. You will notice that my comments have a specific format
and they contain things like @param @return. These are called adnotations and are used by javadoc, which automatically
generates the documentation from the code + comments. This is very useful in practice.
In Eclipse, in order to generate the documentation go to Project -> Generate javadoc, and then select all source files for
which you want documentation.
The documentation "begins" with index.html.
